Date: -- 2020 -- 
Topic: Dealing With The Evil Forces.

NOTE
Everytime we face an opposition to the truth of God's word, such that we feel his words lacks potency, we should know the evil spirit is at work and seriously working to crush and break our spirits by oppressing our minds to accept his darts of fear, frustration, doubt and uncertainty he throws at us. James 4:7 - "Resist the devil and he will flee from you", by quoting God's word to the devil as Jesus did in Matt 4:4, you resist him, there are seducing spirits everywhere and we should guide our hearts from them 1Tim 4:1. Seduction is one way the devil weakens and attacks us by making us vulnerable, he defiles us by putting up unholy scenes from TV, radio, media, etc, and some of this is beyond our control but each time we are faced with such, just plead the blood of Jesus because the blood is also an instrument of power over the devil Rev 12:11. There are several evil spirits fighting against believers today: - Spirit of Seduction or Seducing spirits - As their names implies, thery seduce believers subtling via unholy music, unholy scenes, nudity through channels like TV, radio, magazines and these actions of theirs weakens and divides the focus of believers, which produces doubts in the mind of the believers. - Spirit of Depression - They act as suggestive spirits and suggest impossibilities and difficulties to the minds of men, they remind people of past failures, fears and magnify issues and situations way beyond proportion thereby instilling fear in the minds of men and uncertainty as well. - Spirit of Gloom & Heaviness - They leave you punctuated and sap your energy and zeal to pursue your beliefs and dreams, they make sure you don't take actions anymore and try to kill your motivations and when you see these things, know that the devil is stealing from you. We have power and authority over all the power of the devil, Mark 16:17 - "And these signs shall follow them that believe, in my name shall i cast out devils". The devil and his agents know they must bow to that name JESUS everytime it is mentiones according to Phil 2:9-10 - "That at the name of Jesus every kneww shall bow, of things in heaven and of things in earth and things under the earth". By reason of the power given to us in Rom 16:19 - "God has given us authority to trample on snakes and scorpions and to overcome all the powers of the enemy and nothing will harm you". You can summon these evil spirits to the court of God's word, find them guilty and declare their punishments. The devil and his agents knows the scriptures and they bow to it [God's word], they know! They also know that they must bow to the name of Jesus as well, therefore anytime they cross the line, bring them to order by the word and the name of Jesus. Always use God's word to query them, when you speak that way, they know you know who you are and the authority and power you carry. 